Learn finger placement for the chords. The finger placement is as follows (first major, then minor)
1.C-chord: Place your ring finger on the third fret of the fifth string. Place your middle finger on the second fret of the fourth string, and your index finger on the first fret of the second string. Strum all but the sixth string. Then, go back and play each string individually, while still playing the chord. Make sure each string rings out clearly.
2.A major: Take your index, middle, and ring finger, and place them on the second frets of the second, third and fourth strings on the guitar. It is simply one line down these three strings. Play every string but the top one.
3.G chord: Place your middle finger on the third fret of the sixth string. Place your index finger on the second fret of the fifth string, and your ring finger on the third fret of the first string. Make sure each string rings out clearly.
4.E Major: This is one of the easiest chords there is. Place your middle and ring fingers on the second frets of the fourth and fifth strings. Your index finger should go on the first fret of the third string.
5.D Major: Place your index finger on the second fret of the third string. Place your middle finger on the second fret of the first string. Place your ring finger on the third fret of the second string. Only play the bottom four strings.
6.E minor: This is exactly like E major, except you don't use your index finger. Put your middle and ring fingers on the second frets of the second and third thickest strings.
7.A minor: Place your middle and ring fingers on the second frets of the third and fourth thickest strings, and your index on the first fret of the second thinnest. This is the exact same shape as E major, just moved down one string. Again, ignore the top string.
8.D minor: Again, very similar to D Major. Place your middle finger on the second fret of the third thinnest string. Place your index finger on the first fret of the thinnest, and your ring finger on the third fret of the second thinnest. Play only the bottom four strings.
